# Cloud Computing - Data Security
Intrusion detection using Firewall Authentication and Hidden Markov Model using Triple layer data security in a SaaS Application

## Abstract
Cloud computing has recently emerged as a replacement paradigm for hosting and delivering services over the interconnected network. This paper will include details to provide the security of data in an application which uses Software as a service model. The application is divided into two microservices, where the first one is Application Layer Firewall  and second one is a secured application to login and send sensitive data among a group of users. The application layer firewall checks for any malicious activity and prevents the intruder to access the features present in the application. This firewall layer makes use of Hidden Markov Model which is a probability based intrusion detection technique. The second microservice uses triple layer security by implementing AES and ECC encryption algorithms, and then storing the encrypted text in an JPEG image. Storing the data in an JPEG image is implemented with the help of Reversible Data Hiding(RDH) technique, which makes use of DCT coefficients of every pixel present in the image. In this paper we have implemented Firewall at Application layer, with multiple conditions for testing the trustworthiness of the user. Also, the base paper uses Convergent encryption, which makes use of content hash keying for duplication of the data. This technique was open to a "confirmation of a file attack" in which an attacker can effectively confirm whether a target possesses a certain file by encrypting an unencrypted, or plain-text, version and then simply comparing the output with files possessed by the target. This paper gives a detailed structure of hiding the data using triple layer of security and thus is an improvement to the base paper. Thus this paper provides a holistic approach to implement high level of security in SaaS applications.
